changes in user crdential updations and readme (#863)
Zipstack/unstract: README.md

✅ `./run-platform.sh`<br>
✅ Now visit [http://frontend.unstract.localhost](http://frontend.unstract.localhost) in your browser <br>
✅ Use username and password `unstract` to login

That's all there is to it!

> See [this guide](backend/README.md#authentication) for steps to change the default username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [these steps](backend/README.md#authentication) to change the default username and password.
```
NIT: For brevity

See [user guide](https://docs.unstract.com/unstract/unstract_platform/user_guides/run_platform) for more details on managing the platform.  

> Another really quick way to experience Unstract is by signing up for our [hosted version](https://us-central.unstract.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another really quick way to experience Unstract is by signing up for our [hosted version](https://us-central.unstract.com/). It comes with a 14 day free trial!
```
NIT: Added this suggestion to nudge the OSS user slightly towards trying our hosted version
